
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.582310                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2582310281500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2582310281500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62666                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2566586582                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 395816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1006.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63050246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      81146063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    119537664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           396544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4372212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           425600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5220016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            129953444                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       396544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       425600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          822144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4241024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3012136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7270160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14942208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             81589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15105053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           753034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        46290976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              153562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1693140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              164814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2021452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50324488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         153562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         164814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             318375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1642337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            1166450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2815370                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1642337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       46290976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             153562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1699723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             164814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3187902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53139859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         72453                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     52989.750711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1967154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        137652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         14.290777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        37689.434458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       3.667894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.004429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4220.453796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2953.326384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       6.708393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          4009.126872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          4107.028485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.575095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.064399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.045064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.061174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.062668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.808559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        54491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             400629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             165440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        78380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             615050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             201442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1528272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          583270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               583270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1037                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             784                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1821                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48010                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            59262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               107272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         54491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              400629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              213450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         78380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              615050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              260704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1635544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        54491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             400629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             213450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        78380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             615050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             260704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1635544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5681                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          4309                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9990                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          780                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63459                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76486                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139945                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             82814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            82814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       470500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       112500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    323600498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    331027497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       573500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    351706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    332606499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1340097494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20411497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27614499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     48025996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1617000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6615500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      8232500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3380389982                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4066537489                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7446927471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       470500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       112500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    323600498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3711417479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       573500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    351706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4399143988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8787024965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       470500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       112500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    323600498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3711417479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       573500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    351706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4399143988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8787024965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        54500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         406697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         171741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        78391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         621660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         207770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1553601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       583270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           583270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6718                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11811                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          737                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1725                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        54500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          406697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          283210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        78391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          621660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          343518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1800818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        54500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         406697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         283210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        78391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         621660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         343518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1800818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.846063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.845822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789474                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.784261                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.787246                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.563441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.566082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.246319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.241076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.246319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.241076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52277.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        56250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 53329.020765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52535.708142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53208.245083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52561.077592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52907.635280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3592.940855                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6408.563240                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4807.407007                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2073.076923                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11445.501730                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6062.223859                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53268.881987                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53167.082721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53213.244282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52277.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        56250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 53329.020765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53202.658816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52136.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53208.245083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53120.776535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53166.408298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52277.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        56250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 53329.020765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53202.658816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52136.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53208.245083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53120.776535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53166.408298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4309                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9990                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          780                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        88000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    249380499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    253173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270856500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    254736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1029033999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    227403000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    172571500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399974500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23131000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54348000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2608915998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3130662995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5739578993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        88000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    249380499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2862088998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270856500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3385398995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6768612992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        88000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    249380499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2862088998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270856500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3385398995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6768612992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9186576500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 122396919500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 131591208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    704511999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30785024883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  31489536882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5579000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9891088499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2133500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 153181944383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 163080745382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845639                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.846063                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845822                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.784261                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787246                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.563441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        44000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41131.535379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40423.598914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41007.797123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40402.220460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40740.913730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40028.692132                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40049.083314                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40037.487487                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40021.794872                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40019.031142                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40020.618557                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41111.835957                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40931.189956                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41013.105098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        44000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41131.535379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41050.012880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41007.797123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40890.905956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40971.489573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        44000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41131.535379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41050.012880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41007.797123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40890.905956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40971.489573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9083896                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     37543                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5286239                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6882                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    2244                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1393                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   382                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      574                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9121439                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5293121                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14370135                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          44425                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14414560                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4418601                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      6114                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1409                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1633                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4424715                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4418601                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           6114                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4424715                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        66354055                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 6346252                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           4857071                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            316053                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              4075974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 3037671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  700378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              30829                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          12963003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      33274045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6346252                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3738049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7812188                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1602844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     89446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              22023764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        73578                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        90886                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          179                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4416774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               175280                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3223                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          44209960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.971808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.352806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                36406101     82.35%     82.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  622907      1.41%     83.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  820090      1.85%     85.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  691511      1.56%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  794774      1.80%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  578673      1.31%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  721468      1.63%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  370773      0.84%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3203663      7.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            44209960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.095642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.501462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                13460475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             22052761                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  7004876                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               606078                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1085770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              992839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                66349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              41502146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               217622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1085770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                14072541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6178049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      13569314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6948288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2355998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              40249124                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                473537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1335703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             188                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           40597200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            181819083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       181783808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35275                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             31678350                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8918849                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            463403                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        418800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5692374                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7927385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5883720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1132627                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1230816                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  38008933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             947103                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38247071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            93468                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6756686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14324325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        258267                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     44209960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.865123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.479533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28324155     64.07%     64.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6346765     14.36%     78.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3236431      7.32%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2507997      5.67%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2107881      4.77%     96.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             937016      2.12%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             515116      1.17%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             180639      0.41%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53960      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       44209960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27715      2.59%      2.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   460      0.04%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                839091     78.45%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               202283     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52344      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22968400     60.05%     60.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               50115      0.13%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 14      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 2      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             11      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           684      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           11      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9563149     25.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5612341     14.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38247071                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.576409                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1069549                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.027964                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         121902835                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         45721169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35306324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8427                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4840                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3930                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              39259896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4380                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          325721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1504145                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3982                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13879                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       608088                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2149487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5263                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1085770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4069341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               129560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           39094255                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            87678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7927385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5883720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            614122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 49261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                17662                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13879                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        160370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       144551                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              304921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             37828601                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9401576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           418470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       138219                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14960222                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5069889                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5558646                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.570102                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      37608832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     35310254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18670977                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35573590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.532149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.524855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts      24262280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps        31997725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6679991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         688836                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           267429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     43160582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.741365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.695624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     31020137     71.87%     71.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6071618     14.07%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1950463      4.52%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1036843      2.40%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       799662      1.85%     94.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       507487      1.18%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       407135      0.94%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       202137      0.47%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1165100      2.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     43160582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            24262280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31997725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11698872                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6423240                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     234547                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4415502                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 28265931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              499946                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1165100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    79788976                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   78443760                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         426851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       22144095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  5098222727                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   24181538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31916983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             24181538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.743996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.743996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.364432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.364432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               176533858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               35079827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3404                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     942                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               47584444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                527516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                406873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.614484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 3975135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                407385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  9.757686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6470209000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.614484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3975135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3975135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3975135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3975135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3975135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3975135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       441500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       441500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       441500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        441500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       441500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       441500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7129067996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7129067996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7129067996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7129067996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7129067996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7129067996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4416635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4416635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4416635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4416635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4416635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4416635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16147.379379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16147.379379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16147.379379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16147.379379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16147.379379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16147.379379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1348496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8074.826347                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        34106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        34106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        34106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        34106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        34106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        34106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       407394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       407394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       407394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       407394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       407394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       407394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5468654996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5468654996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5468654996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5468654996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5468654996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5468654996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8379000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8379000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.092241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.092241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.092241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13423.504018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.504018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13423.504018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.504018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13423.504018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.504018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                275592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               476.837382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9554493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                276104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 34.604689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              51448000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   476.837382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.931323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.931323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5935954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5935954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3226635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3226635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       174405                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       174405                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       171548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       171548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9162589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9162589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9162589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9162589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       400527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       400527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1594104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1594104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7776                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7776                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1994631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1994631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1994631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1994631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7261400500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7261400500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  71837415855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  71837415855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    113971500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    113971500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93410500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     93410500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79098816355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79098816355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79098816355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79098816355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6336481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6336481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4820739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4820739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       183390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       183390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       179324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       179324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11157220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11157220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11157220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11157220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.330676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048994                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048994                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043363                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043363                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18129.615482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18129.615482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45064.447398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45064.447398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12684.641068                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12684.641068                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12012.667181                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.667181                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39655.864345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39655.864345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39655.864345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39655.864345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7527492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1548500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             87                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  5148.763338                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17798.850575                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       255542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           255542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1463026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1463026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1674262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1674262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1674262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1674262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       189291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       131078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7773                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       320369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       320369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       320369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       320369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2800937917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2800937917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4685815512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4685815512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79569505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79569505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68924555                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68924555                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7486753429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7486753429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7486753429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7486753429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10315126500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10315126500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    849486399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    849486399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  11164612899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11164612899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027190                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027190                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046180                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046180                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043346                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043346                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14796.994664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14796.994664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35748.298814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35748.298814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9395.383753                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9395.383753                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8867.175479                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8867.175479                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23369.156907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23369.156907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23369.156907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23369.156907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    43445270                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     46285                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    7088572                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    12217                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2504                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     3688                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   371                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      674                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                43491555                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                7100789                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         50533842                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          58502                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     50592344                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     9223213                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6180                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1615                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1780                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 9229393                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          9223213                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6180                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      9229393                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       355232424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                 9848764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted           8083275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            447123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              6868345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 5662939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  832004                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              49676                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          22148379                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      71952458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    9848764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           6494943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     15333431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                4632908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     88364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              74838070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63991                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       141562                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          138                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  9221022                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               859641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3677                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         115781579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.750934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.109459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               100456410     86.76%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  829573      0.72%     87.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1015846      0.88%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 2061622      1.78%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1645380      1.42%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  616095      0.53%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 2274849      1.96%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  467300      0.40%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 6414504      5.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           115781579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.027725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.202550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                23776389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             74601447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 13781615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               561009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               3061119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1241407                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred               102665                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              81190791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               341149                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               3061119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                25333003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               33967991                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      36116187                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 12703540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4599739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              74711209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                20422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                719883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3284162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33659                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           79078972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            344223554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       344164086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59468                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             50180386                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                28898586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            486916                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        421354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  8389500                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            14026564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8607423                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1068694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1518812                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  67421543                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1209489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 91958955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           109721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       18898752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     53543776                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        290002                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    115781579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.794245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.521941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           83973534     72.53%     72.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            9124499      7.88%     80.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4576997      3.95%     84.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4009566      3.46%     87.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10699106      9.24%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1974757      1.71%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1060771      0.92%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             281863      0.24%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              80486      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      115781579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  29310      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   993      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7573445     95.84%     96.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               298199      3.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           313737      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             39470238     42.92%     43.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               61477      0.07%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 11      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 2      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              8      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1690      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            8      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            44643108     48.55%     91.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7468676      8.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              91958955                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.258870                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7901947                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.085929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         307754751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87542996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55769663                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              14772                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8137                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6817                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              99539441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   7724                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          371642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4037130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6814                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        21954                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1589436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31965709                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1043610                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               3061119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               25601852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               406330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           68756671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           131432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             14026564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8607423                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            899609                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 81519                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 7124                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         21954                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        226065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       196785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              422850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             89098857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43830249                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2860098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       125639                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    51224079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 7396455                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7393830                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.250818                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      87931251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     55776480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 30792122                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 54566321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.157014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts      38938347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps        49298719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       19014978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         919487                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           376070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    112768879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.403258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     95484340     84.67%     84.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8537208      7.57%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2210726      1.96%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1312266      1.16%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1283048      1.14%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       588048      0.52%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1003635      0.89%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       487845      0.43%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1861763      1.65%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    112768879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38938347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              49298719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      17007421                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9989434                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     202281                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6220621                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 43690243                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              556165                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1861763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   178106600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  139781050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1519184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      239450845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  4808685831                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   38868708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     49229080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             38868708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              9.139291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        9.139291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.109418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.109418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               398713179                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               58485097                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     4918                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2338                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               91819776                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                429481                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                621812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               498.762593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 8548797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                622324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 13.736891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           74633258000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   498.762593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.974146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.974146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8548797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8548797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8548797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         8548797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8548797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        8548797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       672174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       672174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       672174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        672174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       672174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       672174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10613540997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10613540997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10613540997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10613540997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10613540997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10613540997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      9220971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9220971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      9220971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      9220971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      9220971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      9220971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15789.871368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15789.871368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15789.871368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15789.871368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15789.871368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15789.871368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1180997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  5964.631313                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        49820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        49820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        49820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        49820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        49820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        49820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       622354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       622354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       622354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       622354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       622354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       622354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8128418498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8128418498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8128418498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8128418498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8128418498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8128418498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3154000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3154000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13060.763646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13060.763646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13060.763646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13060.763646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13060.763646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13060.763646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                362958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               487.094495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                13107479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                363304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 36.078543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           70482639000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   487.094495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.951356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.951356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8608268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8608268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4252418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4252418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       106100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       106100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       100714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       100714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12860686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12860686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12860686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12860686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       410615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       410615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1595619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1595619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        14222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10905                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10905                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      2006234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2006234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      2006234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2006234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8133768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8133768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66485489237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66485489237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    165213500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    165213500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     94467000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     94467000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74619257237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74619257237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74619257237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74619257237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9018883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9018883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5848037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5848037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       120322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       111619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14866920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14866920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14866920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14866920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.272847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.272847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.118199                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.118199                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097698                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.097698                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.134946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.134946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.134946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.134946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19808.745418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19808.745418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41667.521656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41667.521656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11616.755731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11616.755731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8662.723521                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8662.723521                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37193.695868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37193.695868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37193.695868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37193.695868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29476015                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5620000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             6671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4418.530205                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32674.418605                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       327729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           327729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       179332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       179332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1432824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1432824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1612156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1612156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1612156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1612156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       231283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       162795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       162795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12775                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12775                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10900                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10900                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       394078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       394078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       394078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       394078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3556387454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3556387454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5557887685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5557887685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    103446504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103446504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     60421505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60421505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9114275139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9114275139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9114275139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9114275139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 137004022500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 137004022500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  40580989302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  40580989302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 177585011802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 177585011802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106173                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106173                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097654                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097654                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15376.778466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15376.778466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34140.407783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34140.407783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8097.573699                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8097.573699                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5543.257339                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5543.257339                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23128.099359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23128.099359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23128.099359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23128.099359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1305599683923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1305599683923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1305599683923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1305599683923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   43782                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   53899                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
