
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.172545                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1172544977000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1172544977000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 706392                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   900233                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            13469238975                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 389548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61493926                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78368454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     50331648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           394788                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4717236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           322588                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4794736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             60561444                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       394788                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       322588                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          717376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4107264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7134608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6291456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             73779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              5122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             74944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6457695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           64176                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               821012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        42925132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              336693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             4023075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              275118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4089170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51649570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         336693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         275118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             611811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3502863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              14498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2567359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6084720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3502863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       42925132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             336693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            4037573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             275118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            6656529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               57734290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         69301                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     52667.431766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1645571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        134500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         12.234729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        39900.139395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.001242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          3730.644795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4216.663550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       2.734150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          2763.076938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2054.171414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.608828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.056925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.064341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.042161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.031344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.803641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             402958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             205810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             449307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             144268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1215990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          572486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               572486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1132                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             588                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               310                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            56781                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            53046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               109827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              402958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              262591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              449307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              197314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1325817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             402958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             262591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             449307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             197314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1325817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             5755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             7866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             5035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             3646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          4696                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3601                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1066                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          67165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          72394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139559                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              5755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             75031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              5035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             76040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                161868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             5755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            75031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             5035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            76040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               161868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299823500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    409333998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    262768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    190087500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1162377498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29968997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27317000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     57285997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3654000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6100000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9754000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3493697466                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3769025494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7262722960                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299823500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3903031464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    262768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3959112994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8425100458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299823500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3903031464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    262768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3959112994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8425100458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         408713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         213676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         454342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         147914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1238299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       572486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           572486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5828                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4189                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10017                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          774                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          602                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123946                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       125440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           249386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          408713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          337622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          454342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          273354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1487685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         408713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         337622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         454342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         273354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1487685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.024649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805765                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.859632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.828292                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733850                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.827243                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.774709                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.577121                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.559610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.222234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.278174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.108805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.222234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.278174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.108805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52097.914857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52038.392830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        52125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52188.282026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52135.902359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52103.523152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6381.813671                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7585.948348                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6904.422924                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6433.098592                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12248.995984                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9150.093809                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52016.637624                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52062.677763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52040.520210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52097.914857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52018.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        52125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52188.282026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52066.188769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52049.203413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52097.914857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52018.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        52125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52188.282026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52066.188769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52049.203413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               64176                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    64176                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4696                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3601                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1066                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        72394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139559                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           161867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          161867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    314937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    202344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    146333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    187986000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    144285000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332271000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22750000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19953000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42703000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2687673000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2900282000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5587955000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3002610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    202344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3046615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6482596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3002610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    202344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3046615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6482596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    265520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9314941499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 122157234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 131741656499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    694839000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30621237500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  31316076500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    265520000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10009780499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3961000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 152778471500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 163057732999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805765                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.859632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828292                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733850                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.827243                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774709                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.577121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.278174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.108805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.278174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40102.015989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40037.757437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40187.487587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40135.216676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40104.043393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40031.090290                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40068.036656                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40047.125467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40052.816901                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40066.265060                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40059.099437                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40015.975583                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40062.463740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40040.090571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40102.015989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40018.259120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40187.487587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40065.952130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40048.904347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40102.015989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40018.259120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40187.487587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40065.952130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40048.904347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7082876                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3736                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5665319                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      804                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1790                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   141                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7086612                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5666123                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12748195                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4540                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12752735                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    29606138                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                29608343                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         29606138                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     29608343                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2345089954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   28907917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37265600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33149705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1243107                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4358822                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33149705                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          190344582                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36275228                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13418689                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7420825                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5997864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2204555139.350120                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              140534814.649880                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.059927                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.940073                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   46687                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                408797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.495989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                29196812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                409309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 71.331957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           75128897000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.495989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.995109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29196812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29196812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29196812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        29196812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29196812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       29196812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       409309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       409309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       409309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        409309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       409309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       409309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6108172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6108172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6108172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6108172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6108172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6108172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     29606121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29606121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     29606121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     29606121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     29606121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     29606121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14923.131424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14923.131424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14923.131424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14923.131424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14923.131424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14923.131424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       409309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       409309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       409309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       409309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       409309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       409309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4879387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4879387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4879387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4879387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4879387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4879387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    351814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    351814000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351814000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11921.036430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11921.036430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11921.036430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11921.036430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11921.036430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11921.036430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                330813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               457.939353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                12292528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                331325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 37.101118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             664264000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   457.939353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.894413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.894413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6612408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6612408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5360091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5360091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       147992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       147992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       149726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11972499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11972499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11972499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11972499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       228125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       228125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       141749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       141749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9279                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9279                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7492                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7492                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       369874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        369874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       369874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       369874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3443081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3443081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4917870500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4917870500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    100339500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    100339500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74628000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     74628000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8360952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8360952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8360952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8360952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6840533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6840533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5501840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5501840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12342373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12342373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12342373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12342373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047654                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047654                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15092.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15092.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34694.216538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34694.216538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10813.611381                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10813.611381                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9961.025093                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9961.025093                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22604.865441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22604.865441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22604.865441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22604.865441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       306322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           306322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       141749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       141749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9279                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9279                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       369874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       369874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       369874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       369874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2758091164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2758091164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4492431566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4492431566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72483506                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72483506                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52154019                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52154019                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7250522730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7250522730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7250522730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7250522730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10425846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10425846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    819721500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    819721500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  11245567500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11245567500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047609                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047609                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12090.262637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12090.262637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31692.862496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31692.862496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7811.564393                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7811.564393                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6967.804810                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6967.804810                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19602.682887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19602.682887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19602.682887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19602.682887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8314117                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3669                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5830380                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1436                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1967                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   140                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8317786                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5831816                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         14144497                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           5105                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     14149602                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    33196626                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                33198797                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         33196626                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     33198797                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2343593518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   32586009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41102854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             37326288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     962171                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3714570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    37326288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          213739964                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          39466250                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     14682267                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8636040                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   6046227                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1858750530.714142                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              484842987.285858                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.206880                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.793120                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   43921                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                454393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               478.384673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                32741717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                454905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 71.974845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           92994898000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   478.384673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.934345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.934345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     32741717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32741717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     32741717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        32741717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     32741717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       32741717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       454905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       454905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       454905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        454905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       454905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       454905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6718353500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6718353500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6718353500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6718353500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6718353500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6718353500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     33196622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33196622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     33196622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     33196622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     33196622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     33196622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14768.695662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14768.695662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14768.695662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14768.695662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14768.695662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14768.695662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       454905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       454905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       454905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       454905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       454905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       454905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5352734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5352734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5352734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5352734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5352734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5352734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5250000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5250000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11766.707334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11766.707334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11766.707334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11766.707334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11766.707334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11766.707334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                292476                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               472.237187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                11966907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                292816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 40.868351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           84138671000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   472.237187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.922338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.922338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6949314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6949314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4829723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4829723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        81817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        82772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        82772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11779037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11779037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11779037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11779037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       170766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       170766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       150259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       150259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10077                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10077                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       321025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        321025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       321025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       321025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2375372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2375372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5143695000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5143695000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    106521500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    106521500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88394000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     88394000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7519067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7519067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7519067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7519067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7120080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7120080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4979982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4979982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92849                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92849                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12100062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12100062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12100062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12100062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108531                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108531                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13910.099200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13910.099200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34232.192414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34232.192414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9586.168107                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9586.168107                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8771.856703                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8771.856703                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23422.060587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23422.060587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23422.060587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23422.060587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       266164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           266164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       170766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       150259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11112                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11112                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10067                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10067                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       321025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       321025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1862452631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862452631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4692688176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4692688176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     73165002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73165002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     58182011                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58182011                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6555140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6555140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6555140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6555140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 136477204500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 136477204500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  39709759000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  39709759000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 176186963500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176186963500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119575                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119575                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108423                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108423                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10906.460484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10906.460484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31230.662895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31230.662895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6584.323434                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6584.323434                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5779.478593                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5779.478593                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20419.409102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20419.409102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20419.409102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20419.409102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 550791407487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 550791407487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 550791407487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 550791407487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
