
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.920853                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1920853042000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1920853042000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1381815                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1381815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            47239093914                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 299308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56187824                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56187824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24847552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28350592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7389056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7389056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                442978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               442870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12935686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1380820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14759376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          442870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             442870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3846758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3846758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3846758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              442870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12935686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1380820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18606133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                        336066                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65311.806529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2448197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        401228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.101760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    5946056000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        55675.727094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.inst           4768.395922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.data           4867.683513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.849544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.072760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.074275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.996579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst              916208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data              814933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1731141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835149                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835149                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            187605                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               187605                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.inst               916208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.data              1002538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1918746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.inst              916208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.data             1002538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1918746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst             13292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            271915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          116718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             116718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.inst              13292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.data             388633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                401925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.inst             13292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.data            388633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               401925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    691773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14144855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    14836628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6070015000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6070015000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    691773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  20214870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     20906643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    691773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  20214870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    20906643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          929500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1086848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2016348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835149                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835149                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        304323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           304323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           929500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.data          1391171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2320671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          929500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1391171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2320671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.014300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.250187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.141447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.383533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.014300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.279357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.014300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.279357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52044.312368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52019.399445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52020.560505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22857.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22857.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52005.817440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.817440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52044.312368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52015.320367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52016.279157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52044.312368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52015.320367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52016.279157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               73942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    73942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        116718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         13292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        388633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           401925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          401925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    532266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10881875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11414141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       620000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       620000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4669399000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4669399000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    532266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15551274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16083540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    532266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15551274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16083540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    772639030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    772639030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1072677000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1072677000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1845316030                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1845316030                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40044.086669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40019.399445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40020.549987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.817440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.817440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40044.086669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40015.320367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40016.271692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40044.086669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40015.320367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40016.271692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.356968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1753491316000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.356968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.084811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.084811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     20672998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20672998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7638105806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7638105806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7658778804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7658778804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7658778804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7658778804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119497.098266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119497.098266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 183820.413121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183820.413121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 183553.716093                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183553.716093                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 183553.716093                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183553.716093                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       7453000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  1047.063782                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     11676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5477251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5477251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5488927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5488927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5488927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5488927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67491.329480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67491.329480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 131816.783789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131816.783789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 131550.077891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131550.077891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 131550.077891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131550.077891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9065773                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728856                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6357048                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15422821                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4975760                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5006                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4980766                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3841706084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56187824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56187824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52059470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324460                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6469221                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52059470                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324460                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71329755                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38524240                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15475451                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9102635                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6372816                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3589579952.998131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               252126131.001869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.065629                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.934371                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6379                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     212104                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74929     40.88%     40.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1936      1.06%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106285     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183281                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73562     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1936      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73562     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149191                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1861395652500     96.90%     96.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                90398000      0.00%     96.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               587366500      0.03%     96.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             58778792000      3.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1920852209000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692120                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814001                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                176052     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6837      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5161      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 193007                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5906                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2098                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1908                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1738                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323061                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081030                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.391706                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46234707000      2.41%      2.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5259387000      0.27%      2.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1869358108000     97.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 928849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                508.732123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 55270143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 929360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  59.471188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            35877190000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     508.732123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.993617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.993617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55270143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55270143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55270143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55270143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55270143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55270143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       929520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        929520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       929520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         929520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       929520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        929520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13854449500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13854449500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13854449500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13854449500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13854449500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13854449500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56199663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56199663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56199663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56199663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56199663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56199663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14904.950405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14904.950405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14904.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14904.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14904.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14904.950405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       929520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       929520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       929520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11065203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11065203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11065203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11065203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11065203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11065203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11904.211851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11904.211851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11904.211851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11904.211851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11904.211851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11904.211851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1390657                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.983813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14050696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1391169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  10.099920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               85768000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.983813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7815339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7815339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5853076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5853076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       182979                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182979                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13668415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13668415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13668415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13668415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17326                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17326                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1373863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1373863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26656014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26656014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9232792000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9232792000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    248493000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    248493000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  35888806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35888806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  35888806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35888806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8884861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8884861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6157417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6157417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15042278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15042278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15042278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15042278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24923.296575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24923.296575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30336.996987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30336.996987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14342.202470                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14342.202470                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26122.550793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26122.550793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26122.550793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26122.550793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17326                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17326                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1373863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1373863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23447403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23447403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8319769000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8319769000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    196515000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196515000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31767172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31767172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31767172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31767172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    862831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    862831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1190523500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1190523500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2053354500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2053354500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049427                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049427                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086498                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086498                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21923.254501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21923.254501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27336.996987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27336.996987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11342.202470                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11342.202470                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23122.518039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23122.518039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23122.518039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23122.518039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
